hey what's up you guys dismissed the
retro kid 91 here again coming at you
guys with another closet black ops only
play gainfully condensate now this time
we're playing some team deathmatch on
hangar 18 now hangar 18 is by far one of
my favorite maps out of the entire
notion map pack everybody says that
driving is the best and we have to say
nay on that one hangar 18 is the best
fucking map out of the entire nation Mac
I get a 30 plus kill game I just get a
good feel for the map I hopped on and I
just got a good fucking vibe from the
magnet the map is fucking awesome I love
the response
I love the fucking everything about the
map is awesome there's not that many
camp spots I mean you can camp on any
map in black ops you can basically camp
but it's maybe it was just this game
maybe it was the people are playing
against cuz nobody can't on this map it
was just all-out fucking brawl it was
all-out fucking it was just mayhem but
uh this is by far my favorite Maps I've
I just said I'm gonna do one player
gameplay comes here and drivin maybe
later tonight or tomorrow I don't know
and I just gotta Ninja Gaiden signatu in
the mail finally I don't know what took
Gamefly so long to ship off the fucking
game but I finally got it and then part
one should be up right now you guys can
go check that out just stay tuned for
some other parts of that game without
with a shitload of gameplay on that and
I'm gonna have to take back uncharted 2
because the disc is broken I don't know
what happened but this is not actually
cracked it just doesn't work the game
won't load up anymore I started playing
it early on I uploaded four parts as you
guys can see on my channel click the
playlist for uncharted 2 and how about
for parts and um the other day I popped
the game back in and it just wouldn't it
wouldn't play so I think one of the
previous owners of the game actually you
know you go to Blockbuster and swap out
a game to get a better copy I think
that's what they did because the game
does not work so I'm just gonna take it
back in a get a new game in from Gamefly
you guys may have a comment below and
let me know what game you guys wanna see
it doesn't matter it can be an old game
or a new game
doesn't matter but um back to this
hangar 18 Ike I get a crazy fucking kill
streak in this game I think I get like
15 plus kills I'm not sure I get the dog
I should have put on my choppa Grande I
know what I was thinking but um I
haven't told you guys my favorite gun on
black ops as you can see right now the
Delille the Galil and the FAMAS disguise
it's like a competition between the bull
I think I like the Galil better I don't
know man the Galea which is just an
awesome fucking gun it doesn't have that
much recoil it has great accuracy and
you don't need a scope on it you don't
need a fucking red dot sight or anything
I just got dual mag on dual mag I'm
using sleight of hand I think I'm using
lightweight and I also have a tactical
insurgent I use tags when I play
domination but out of whatever but um
yeah man this map is fucking great and
you can actually right here go on top of
the thing that's it like a fighter jet
or something like that you can actually
go on top of there and like camp you
can't really can but you can actually go
up top here and pick your enemies off
from afar but the map is um it's fucking
awesome it's way better than hazard
shallow CI low whatever you're
pronouncing some kind of a comment so
I'm a different now so whatever you guys
know what I'm talking about when I say
the match thing but uh what's the other
map said hazard Drive in CI Lo and what
is the other fucking map hangar 18 I
think that's all the maps I forget but
whatever but um I may upload some
zombies gameplay I'm uh I may just drain
a random lobby include a random because
like I said a lot of my buddies don't
have the map pack yet so I might just
play by myself little random so just do
a solo black ops zombies and just show
you guys around the map I don't have to
do good because like I said I'm not that
great at zombies I'm just gonna show you
guys how the map is designed and shit
like that but um yeah man I'm gonna be
playing a lot of hangar 18 I wish you
can pick the map you want it like just
play all day like you're just like on
Gears the world 1 if you guys had gears
1 and if you search for a lobby you can
play a map like
back-to-back-to-back-to-back all the day
if you went to there was no matchmaking
or anything like that you just host the
game and you can
join it but um a medicine I'm smoking
awesome see right here the fighter jet
you can actually go on top and like pick
your enemies off from afar and it's very
out in the open I wouldn't recommend
staying up there the entire game but um
it's pretty good camping spot and as you
can see right now I'm 19 and one day I
get a 20 kills tree can this oh it
fucking turned on did you guys just see
that get turned on man but this map is
fucking I don't know man there's no
complaints at all this map is fucking
beautiful oh I love the design excuse me
oh the respawns I love everything about
the map it's a fucking it's awesome and
and um I played driving like five or six
times and I get annihilated every time I
just can't get a good gameplay on that
map but hopefully today I can get a good
gameplay and upload a commentary for you
guys and I also have some more uncharted
3 on the way so stay tuned for that I
don't know if I'm going to do any more
commentaries on uncharted 3 I may just
upload some gameplay but uh stay tuned
for that cuz like I said I'm a random
guy it depends on how I feel when I want
to upload a gameplay commentary or just
upload any gameplay in general so Y got
lucky right there but just stay tuned
you guys so for what I had going on like
I said just subscribe and just look at
your sub box random shit is gonna pop up
in your sub box that's what I did a
sexual game and I just closed random
gameplay I just post random shit man
it's no I'm not a all black ops Channel
I'm not on all walkthrough channel I'm
not on all Marvel channel is just random
shit it's just basically gaming this is
a gaming channel and I play a variety of
games I don't really play a lot of
racing games so um when got to comment a
while back X where's the recent games a
lot of recent games but I do have racing
games I just don't play that much so I
don't know about that I'm uh I'm a big
shooter I love shooters so as you guys
can see I love shooters from the Gears
of War and the black ops oh shit like
that but um I also love adventure games
as well like Ninja Gaiden i love sonic
mario that's when gaming was this shit
man when Mario came out on the foot
Tendo the first Nintendo which I had I
don't have it anymore but I had that
shit a while back I think I was like 5
years old I forget how old I was when I
had that shit man it was a while back
and when Sonic came out on the Sega
Genesis that was when that's when gaming
was this shit man and that's when gaming
was fun nowadays all games are the same
games are not boring but it's just not
what it used to be back in the day back
in the day when Selda came out on the
fucking ocarina trying him out on the 64
like that's when gaming was alive that's
when gaming there was a point in time
where Nintendo dominated the entire
gaming industry and they still dominate
to this day like they I don't like the
Nintendo Wii I'm not a weed player but
Nintendo their franchise it cannot be
taken away they cannot you can't take
away a Nintendo Sega so you cannot do it
but um yeah man back in a day gaming
used to be the shit now everything is
the same everybody's trying to copy
everybody everybody's I don't know man
it's crazy but this map is coming to an
end I am 30 and 5 I think I died one
more time yes I did but I'm I hope you
got to do this gameplay stay tuned for
that driving commentary and don't forget
to comment rate and subscribe you guys